Update RBF mapping reference (#38)
precice/precice.github.io: 03-faq.md

more advanced methods like the nearest-projection mapping or the Radial-Basis
Function mapping include contributions from neighboring nodes.

## Does partitioned coupling introduce error?

> Partitioned coupling can indeed lead to errors such as the Added-Mass Effect. However, preCICE provides implicit coupling algorithms to treat the error introduced.

Reviewer: Not all errors coming from the partitioning can be cured by implicit coupling.

Yes, but it will be computationally expensive. preCICE is mainly designed to
couple simulations that share a common surface boundary. In this case, all the
coupled volume nodes should be specified in the coupling mesh.

preCICE only knows about points and their connectivity, so it doesn't make much of a difference if the points are on a surface or on a volume. However, in the case of volume coupling, nearest-projection mapping would not be available. You may still use the nearest-neighbor or RBF mapping, however.

## Can preCICE be used for one-way coupling?

Yes! Several people are doing this already and we also kind of do this in our [OpenFOAM-CalculiX FSI tutorial](https://github.com/precice/precice/wiki/Tutorial-for-FSI-with-OpenFOAM-and-CalculiX), where we have two one-way couplings (as we use different meshes). We also often use this for debugging. Nothing changes apart from the configuration file.

Even though there may be simpler ways to do one-way coupling, it may still be beneficial to use preCICE here: flexible data mapping methods and parallel communication (your coupling data might be too large to write to disk).

## Can preCICE be used with adaptive meshes?

> Or: " Is it correct that preCICE cannot support couplings when the interface mesh is changing its connectivity during the simulation?"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Or: "Is it correct that preCICE cannot support couplings when the interface mesh is changing its connectivity during the simulation?"
```

> The mapping setup only happens once, in the initialization. So, currently, in order to modify the mapping setup, one needs to restart the simulation, which would be inefficient. However, a dissertation in progress studies this issue and preCICE will have such a feature in the future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, the mapping setup only occurs once during the initialization of preCICE. Thus, in order to modify the mapping one must restart the simulation. It depends on a case-by-case basis whether this costly method is acceptable or not.
A dissertation in progress studies this issue and preCICE will have such a feature in the future.
```

Additionally, any processes that need to communicate, do so directly (Peer-to-Peer),
without needing to go through any central instance ("server").

## Can the individual solvers run on two different platforms on two different machines in/out of a network?

> Yes, at least as long as communication over TCP/IP is possible. The participants find each other using a network address, which is written in a file and read once in the beginning of the simulation. For this reason, all the participants need to be started from the same directory.

Reviewer: No need to start the participants from the same directory

## Can preCICE couple more than two participants?

Yes! [Here is an example](https://github.com/precice/precice/wiki/Tutorial-for-CHT-with-OpenFOAM-and-CalculiX).

## Can preCICE be used for volume coupling?

Yes, but it will be computationally expensive. preCICE is mainly designed to
couple simulations that share a common surface boundary. In this case, all the
coupled volume nodes should be specified in the coupling mesh.

preCICE only knows about points and their connectivity, so it doesn't make much of a difference if the points are on a surface or on a volume. However, in the case of volume coupling, nearest-projection mapping would not be available. You may still use the nearest-neighbor or RBF mapping, however.

## Can preCICE be used for one-way coupling?

> Yes! Several people are doing this already and we also kind of do this in our [OpenFOAM-CalculiX FSI tutorial](https://github.com/precice/precice/wiki/Tutorial-for-FSI-with-OpenFOAM-and-CalculiX), where we have two one-way couplings (as we use different meshes). We also often use this for debugging. Nothing changes apart from the configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes! Several people are doing this already.
```

Reviewer: Our example, I would not consider a one-way coupling. Might only confuse people.

> Even though there may be simpler ways to do one-way coupling, it may still be beneficial to use preCICE here: flexible data mapping methods and parallel communication (your coupling data might be too large to write to disk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though there may be other ways to do one-way coupling, it may still be beneficial to use preCICE here: flexible data mapping methods, parallel communication (your coupling data might be too large to write to disk), and already adapted solvers.
```

## Can preCICE be used with adaptive meshes?

Or: "Is it correct that preCICE cannot support couplings when the interface mesh is changing its connectivity during the simulation?"

Currently, the mapping setup only occurs once during the initialization of preCICE. Thus, in order to modify the mapping one must restart the simulation. It depends on a case-by-case basis whether this costly method is acceptable or not.

> A dissertation in progress studies this issue and preCICE will have such a feature in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dissertation in progress studies dynamically changing coupling meshes, such that preCICE will be able to handle adaptive meshes in the future.
```

Reviewer: It's a bit unclear to what you refer with "this issue" and "such a feature".
